02-npi-test-A2.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level according to the CEFR. The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack cohesion, which suggests that they may not have fully mastered the language. Additionally, the candidate's use of idiomatic expressions and colloquialisms is limited, which further supports the B1 level assessment. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of fluency, vocabulary, and grammar. 

Some examples of errors that support the B1 level assessment include:

* In the first task, the candidate responds to the question "Jak se máte?" with "Mám se moc dobře," which is a correct response, but then adds "Protože nemám doma televizi," which is an unnecessary explanation and indicates a lack of fluency.
* In the second task, the candidate responds to the question "Na jaké pozici chcete pracovat?" with "Já jsem jako vedoucí marketingu," which is a correct response, but then adds "Aha, ale to je asi moc daleko pro mě," which is an unnecessary explanation and indicates a lack of fluency.
* In the third task, the candidate responds to the question "Va
A2ML_231215_65_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate answers questions about their background, hobbies, and family. They use simple sentences and vocabulary, but sometimes struggle with grammar and pronunciation. For example, they say "Bydlím v České asi tři měsíce" instead of "Bydlím v České republice asi tři měsíce" (I live in the Czech Republic for about three months).

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is asked to describe pictures and answer questions about food and drink. They use more complex sentences and vocabulary, but still make some errors. For example, they say "Oni grylují masu a taky pijou finu" instead of "Oni grilují maso a taky pijí pivo" (They grill meat and also drink beer).

In the third part of the exam, the candidate participates in a dialog with the examiner. They use more complex sentences and vocabulary, but still make some errors. For example, they say "Prosím vás, chci znát nějaké informace o hraju" instead of "Prosím vás,
B2ML_220511_03_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express their thoughts and opinions is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's use of grammar and vocabulary is mostly correct, but there are some mistakes, such as incorrect verb conjugation, incorrect use of prepositions, and some words that are not commonly used in Czech. The candidate's pronunciation is generally good, but there are some errors in intonation and stress. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is good, but there is room for improvement. 

The candidate's responses to the exam questions are clear and coherent, and they are able to express their thoughts and opinions effectively. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that detract from the overall quality of their responses. 

In the first part of the exam, the candidate talks about their personal experience of moving to the Czech Republic. They are able to express their thoughts and feelings clearly, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, they say "žiju život svého sná" instead of "žiju život svého snu" (I live my dream life). 

In the second part of the exam, the candidate
B1ML_240115_06_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their speech. The candidate's vocabulary is limited, and they often use incorrect grammar and sentence structure. However, they are able to communicate their ideas and thoughts effectively, and their speech is generally clear and understandable. The candidate's pronunciation is also good, but there are some minor errors in intonation and stress. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language limitations. For example, the candidate often uses incorrect verb forms, such as "mám rád sport" instead of "rád sportuji". The candidate also struggles with prepositions and conjunctions, such as "kde to je" instead of "kde se koncert bude konat". 

Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and answer the examiners' questions. The candidate's responses are often relevant and coherent, and they are able to use simple vocabulary and grammar to express their ideas. 

Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the language. However, they need to work on
B1ML_240115_17_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate describes two pictures and answers questions about them. The candidate's language is clear and easy to understand, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "holka se nachází v nějakém kafé" instead of "holka sedí v kavárně".

In the second task, the candidate tells a story about their best birthday ever. The candidate's language is more fluent and coherent, but there are still some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "narozeniny byly minulý rok" instead of "narozeniny byly minulý rok, protože nikdy jsem neslavil narozeniny".

In the third task, the candidate discusses a scenario with the examiner and plans a team building event. The candidate's language is more fluent and coherent, but there are still some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "můžeme jít příští víkend" instead of "můžeme jít příští víkend, protože to
A2ML_230724_23_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the CEFR. The candidate's responses are generally understandable, but there are many recognition errors due to the ASR's poor robustness. The candidate's grammar and vocabulary are basic, and they struggle to express themselves clearly. For example, in response to the question 'Odkud jste?' (Where are you from?), the candidate responds 'Já jsem z Bosny' (I am from Bosnia), which is correct. However, in response to the question 'Co se vám ve vaší zemi líbí?' (What do you like in your country?), the candidate responds 'Líbí se mi příroda, taky réka a lidi' (I like nature, also the river and people), which is a good attempt, but the word 'réka' is likely a recognition error and should be 'řeka' (river). The candidate also struggles with verb conjugation, as seen in the response to the question 'Jak dlouho se učíte česky?' (How long have you been studying Czech?), where the candidate responds 'To je první rok se učím' (It's my first year studying), which is correct, but the verb 'učím' is in the present tense, whereas the correct form would be 'učím se' (I am studying). Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency
B1ML_240115_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate describes two pictures and answers questions about them. The candidate's description of the pictures is accurate, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate uses the word "kodornáté" instead of "krásné" to describe the teacher's hair, and uses the phrase "trma ruce" instead of "tma ruce" to describe the children's hands.

In the second task, the candidate talks about their best birthday ever. The candidate's narrative is clear and coherent, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate uses the word "moje nejlepší kamarádka" instead of "moje nejlepší kamarádku" to describe their friend, and uses the phrase "obšili jsme kamarádi" instead of "obšli jsme kamarády" to describe the activity they did.

In the third task, the candidate participates in a role-play activity where they have to plan a team-building event for their colleagues. The candidate's contribution
A2ML_230911_40_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate struggles to describe the pictures, using incorrect vocabulary and grammar. For example, instead of saying "two people are jumping on a trampoline," the candidate says "two people are jumping on parkour." However, the candidate is able to correct themselves and provide a more accurate description.

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is asked to answer questions about their hobbies and interests. The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to provide relevant and accurate answers. However, there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary, such as using the incorrect form of the verb "poslouchat" (to listen) and using the word "rokovou" instead of "rockovou" (rock music).

In the third part of the exam, the candidate is asked to participate in a dialog. The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively. However, there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary, such as using the incorrect form of the verb "mít" (to have) and using the word
A2ML_231215_61_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the task and is able to describe the pictures accurately, although there are some recognition errors due to the ASR's poor robustness. For example, in the description of the fourth picture, the candidate says \"Oni\" instead of \"oni\" (they), which is a small error. Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is limited, and they struggle to find the correct words to describe the pictures. For instance, in the description of the third picture, the candidate says \"Muž krelavuju\" instead of \"Muž relaxuje\" (the man is relaxing). However, the candidate's grammar and sentence structure are generally good, and they are able to express their thoughts clearly. In the conversation part of the exam, the candidate's responses are also good, although there are some errors due to the ASR. For example, in the answer to the question \"A jaké počasí bylo včera?\" (What was the weather like yesterday?), the candidate says \"Bylo včera... počasí bylo... studium\" instead of \"Bylo včera... počasí bylo... studené\" (It was cold yesterday). Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and they demonstrate a good
B1ML_240109_32_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack cohesion, which suggests that they may not have fully mastered the language. Additionally, the candidate's use of idiomatic expressions and colloquialisms is limited, which further supports the B1 level assessment. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of fluency, accuracy, and vocabulary usage. 

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language limitations. For example, the candidate's use of the phrase "prosit dělat co chci" instead of "chtít dělat co chci" is a grammatical error that suggests a lack of fluency. Similarly, the candidate's use of the phrase "nemám nějakou jednu oblíbenou restaurace" instead of "nemám jednu oblíbenou restauraci" is a vocabulary error that indicates a limited range of expressions. 

However, the candidate's ability to understand and respond to the examiner's questions is good, and they are able
A2ML_231215_69_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate answers questions about their background and motivation for learning Czech. They demonstrate a good understanding of the language and are able to express themselves clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary, such as the use of the incorrect verb form "doufám" instead of "doufám, že".

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is asked to describe pictures and answer questions about them. They demonstrate a good understanding of the language and are able to describe the pictures accurately. However, there are some errors in vocabulary and pronunciation, such as the use of the incorrect word "kupujou" instead of "kupují".

In the third part of the exam, the candidate is asked to participate in a dialog with the examiner. They demonstrate a good understanding of the language and are able to communicate effectively. However, there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary, such as the use of the incorrect verb form "přejete" instead of "přejete si".

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the
B1ML_230221_08_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack cohesion, which suggests that they may not have had sufficient practice in speaking Czech. Additionally, the candidate's use of idiomatic expressions and colloquialisms is limited, which further supports the B1 level assessment. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of fluency, accuracy, and vocabulary usage. The ASR errors are significant, but they do not affect the overall assessment of the candidate's language proficiency. The candidate's responses are often intelligible despite the ASR errors, which suggests that they have a good understanding of the language. However, the ASR errors do make it difficult to assess the candidate's pronunciation and intonation, which are important aspects of spoken language proficiency. In terms of the candidate's responses, there are some notable errors, such as the use of incorrect verb conjugations, incorrect word order, and incorrect vocabulary. However, the candidate is able to recover from these errors and continue speaking coherently. The candidate's responses also demonstrate a good understanding of the
A2ML_230724_21_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally understandable, but there are some errors and inaccuracies due to the ASR recognition errors and the candidate's limited language proficiency.

The candidate's grammar and vocabulary are basic, and they struggle to express themselves clearly and accurately. For example, in response to the question "Odkud jste?" (Where are you from?), the candidate responds "Já jsem z Ukrajina" (I am from Ukraine), which is correct. However, in response to the question "Do které země se chcete podívat?" (Which country do you want to visit?), the candidate responds "Chci podívat na... Myslím, že... Itálie" (I want to visit... I think... Italy), which shows some hesitation and uncertainty.

The candidate's vocabulary is also limited, and they often use simple words and phrases. For example, in response to the question "A proč Itálie?" (And why Italy?), the candidate responds "Protože moje babička byla tam a vím, že tam jsou hodně dobře jedlo" (Because my grandmother was there and I know that there is very good food there), which is a simple and straightforward response.

However, the candidate's responses also show some signs of language learning, such as the use
A2ML_220919_02_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates basic communication skills, but with some difficulties in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation.

The candidate's responses are often short and simple, and they struggle to express themselves in more complex sentences. For example, when asked about their hobbies, the candidate responds with "Mám ráda zpěvat" (I like to sing), but when asked about their favorite food, they respond with "Mám ráda jít rybu" (I like to eat fish), which is a grammatically incorrect sentence.

The candidate also makes some pronunciation errors, such as "V Ukrajině maminka, otecinek, sestrnice" (In Ukraine, my mother, father, and sister) instead of "Mám rodinu v Ukrajině" (I have a family in Ukraine).

However, the candidate's responses also show some signs of language learning, such as using basic vocabulary and grammar structures. For example, when asked about their daily routine, the candidate responds with "Vstavám ráno v šest třicet" (I wake up at 6:30 in the morning) and "Pracuji se pět, šest hodin" (I work for five or six hours).

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2
A2ML_230911_39_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate struggles to describe the pictures, using incorrect verb forms and vocabulary. For example, "Na obrázku číslo jedna vidím lidé, který" should be "Na obrázku číslo jedna vidím lidi, kteří". Additionally, the candidate uses incorrect verb forms, such as "Podpočívájí" instead of "Podleží".

In the second part of the exam, the candidate's responses to the questions are generally accurate, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, "Rád jim kurce maso a ryže" should be "Rád jíme kurčák a rybu". The candidate also struggles to use the correct verb forms, such as "Můžu varit smažené kurice masou" instead of "Můžu vařit smažené kurice".

In the third part of the exam, the candidate participates in a dialog with the examiner, using more complex language and grammar. However, there are still some errors, such as "Ještě jednou prosím
B1ML_240109_19_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topics discussed during the exam, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some moments where the candidate struggles to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's ability to engage in a conversation and respond to questions is good, but there are some moments where the candidate's responses are a bit hesitant or unclear. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency. 

The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but there are also some errors in grammar and vocabulary that suggest the candidate's language skills are not yet at a high level. For example, the candidate uses the phrase "dětě" instead of "děti" in the first task, and the candidate struggles to use the correct verb forms in the third task. However, the candidate's ability to understand and respond to questions is good, and the candidate's vocabulary is generally good. 

Overall, the candidate's performance suggests that they have a good understanding of the topics discussed during the exam, but they need to work on their grammar and vocabulary skills to reach a higher level of proficiency."}
A2ML_231215_54_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their responses. They are able to hold a conversation and answer questions, but sometimes struggle with grammar and vocabulary. The ASR errors are significant, with many words and phrases being misrecognized, but the candidate's responses are still understandable. The candidate's language skills are at a B1 level, with some areas of strength and weakness. They are able to use basic grammar and vocabulary, but struggle with more complex structures and expressions. The ASR errors make it difficult to assess the candidate's language skills accurately, but overall, they demonstrate a good understanding of the language and are able to communicate effectively. 

Examples of the candidate's language skills include:

* They are able to answer questions and hold a conversation, demonstrating a good understanding of the language.
* They use basic grammar and vocabulary correctly, such as verb conjugation and sentence structure.
* They struggle with more complex grammar and vocabulary, such as idiomatic expressions and nuanced language.
* The ASR errors are significant, with many words and phrases being misrecognized, but the candidate's responses are still understandable.

Examples of the ASR errors include:

* The ASR misrecognizes the candidate's response to the question "Jaká je vaše země?" (What is your country?) as "Z Líbě" instead of "Z Liberce".
* The ASR misrecognizes
C1ML_221214_06_anonym_audio.simple.txt	C1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the CEFR. The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their opinions and ideas clearly. However, there are some recognition errors in the transcript due to the ASR's poor robustness, which affect the candidate's score. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "vlastnictví" instead of "vlastenectví", and in the second task, they say "vzdělaní" instead of "vzdělání". Additionally, the candidate's grammar and vocabulary are not always accurate, and they sometimes struggle to find the right words. Despite these errors, the candidate's overall performance is good, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the topic and are able to express their opinions and ideas clearly. The ASR's errors are mostly due to the poor robustness of the ASR, and not due to the candidate's inability to speak Czech. The candidate's score is affected by the recognition errors, but they are still able to demonstrate a good level of proficiency in spoken Czech."}
B1ML_240109_31_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate is able to describe the two pictures and identify the differences between them. However, there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar, such as the use of the wrong verb tense and the incorrect use of prepositions.

In the second task, the candidate is able to answer the examiner's questions and provide some information about their ideal vacation. However, there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar, such as the use of the wrong verb tense and the incorrect use of prepositions.

In the third task, the candidate is able to participate in a conversation with the examiner and solve a problem together. However, there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar, such as the use of the wrong verb tense and the incorrect use of prepositions.

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the language. However, there are some areas for improvement, such as grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation.

The errors made by the candidate are due to a combination of factors, including:

* ASR recognition errors:
B2ML_230512_016_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their thoughts and opinions clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb forms, such as "terpilivost" instead of "trpělivost", and struggles with pronunciation, as seen in the phrase "bože můj". Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is not always accurate, as seen in the phrase "bylkosti" instead of "blbosti".

Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and clearly, which is a key aspect of the B1 level. The candidate also demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to provide relevant examples and explanations.

It's worth noting that the ASR-generated transcript contains many recognition errors, which can make it difficult to assess the candidate's proficiency accurately. However, based on the transcript, it appears that the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level.

In terms of the ASR errors, it's clear that many of the errors are due to the ASR's poor robustness, rather than the candidate's inability to speak Czech. For example, the ASR incorrectly transcribes the phrase "bylkosti"
A2ML_220919_03_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the basic level of the CEFR. The candidate struggles with grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, and often uses incorrect or incomplete sentences. For example, in response to the question 'Co se vám nelíbí na vašem zaměstnání?' (What don't you like about your job?), the candidate responds with 'Nelíbí, že musím chodit prácu na tu hodinu, kterou potřebuji, protože nezvykle jsem chodit od 10 do 9' (I don't like that I have to go to work at the hour I need, because I'm not used to going from 10 to 9). This sentence is grammatically incorrect and contains a recognition error ('práce' instead of 'práci'). Additionally, the candidate often uses filler words such as 'a' and 'taky' (and, also) to fill gaps in their sentences. The candidate also struggles with vocabulary, using phrases such as 'český nemoc dobře' (Czech not well) instead of 'český špatně' (Czech badly). However, the candidate is trying to communicate and is making an effort to use Czech, which is a positive aspect of their performance. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, and with further practice and improvement, they may be able to reach
A2ML_230911_32_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the CEFR. The candidate struggles with basic grammar and vocabulary, and there are many recognition errors in the transcript due to the ASR's poor robustness. However, even considering the errors, the candidate's responses are often incomplete or unclear, indicating a lack of proficiency. For example, when asked 'Co je ve vaší zemi zajímavé?' (What is interesting in your country?), the candidate responds with 'Všechno' (Everything), which is a very general and vague answer. Similarly, when asked 'Jaké jsou vaše koníčky?' (What are your hobbies?), the candidate responds with 'tajský box a tady asi pět let, už pět let hraju golf s manželem a hraju v Čechy' (Thai boxing and here for about five years, I've been playing golf with my husband for five years and playing in the Czech Republic), which is a long and confusing sentence. The candidate also makes grammatical errors, such as using the wrong verb conjugation or sentence structure. However, it's worth noting that some of the errors in the transcript are due to the ASR's poor robustness, and the candidate may not be entirely responsible for them. For example, the ASR may have misrecognized the candidate's response to 'Máte nějaké domácí zvíře?' (Do you have
A2ML_230724_24_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with basic vocabulary and grammar, and often uses incorrect words or phrases. For example, in response to the question \"Jaké máte koníčky, hobby, co rád děláte ve volném čase?\" (What are your hobbies, what do you like to do in your free time?), the candidate responds with \"Nerozumím, promiň\" (I don't understand, sorry), which indicates a lack of understanding of the question. Additionally, the candidate's responses often contain errors, such as \"Já važím rahu taky\" (I value rest too) instead of \"Já rád odpočívám\" (I like to rest). The candidate also struggles with verb conjugation, as seen in the response \"Budu sát test\" (I will take a test) instead of \"Budu psát test\" (I will write a test). Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is limited, and they require significant support to communicate effectively in Czech. However, it's worth noting that some of the errors made by the candidate are due to the ASR's poor robustness, and not due to the candidate's inability. For example, the ASR incorrectly transcribes the candidate's response \"Já
B1ML_230424_014_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency.

In the first task, the candidate is able to describe the two pictures and answer the examiner's questions. However, there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar, such as the use of the incorrect verb "ližuju" instead of "vypadají" and the incorrect phrase "nosí teple oblečení" instead of "mají teplé oblečení".

In the second task, the candidate is able to talk about a personal experience and answer the examiner's questions. However, there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar, such as the use of the incorrect verb "sestovat" instead of "cestovat" and the incorrect phrase "můj teta má noreznění" instead of "můj teta má narozeniny".

In the third task, the candidate is able to engage in a conversation with the examiner and answer their questions. However, there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar, such as the use of the incorrect verb "važit" instead of "vařit" and the incorrect phrase "Dakoleji máte kuchyn
A2ML_220919_01_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively, but with some errors and inaccuracies.

The candidate's vocabulary is sufficient, but there are some mistakes, such as "chobí" instead of "kvetí" (flowers bloom), "trošku anglický" instead of "trochu anglicky" (a little English), and "mluvím na ukrajinský" instead of "mluvím ukrajinsky" (I speak Ukrainian).

The candidate's grammar is also mostly correct, but there are some errors, such as "Pracuju" instead of "Pracuji" (I work), "Moja rodina bydlí v Ukrajině" instead of "Má rodina bydlí v Ukrajině" (My family lives in Ukraine), and "V Petibrádech mám rádi restaurace u Pilovana" instead of "V Petřinádech mám rádi restauraci u Pilovana" (I like the restaurant at Pilovana in Petřín).

The candidate's pronunciation is also mostly clear, but there are some errors, such as "Katerina... Krasná hulka, má černé vlasy, dlouhé" instead of "
B1ML_230221_09_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack cohesion, which suggests that they may not have fully mastered the language. Additionally, the candidate's use of idiomatic expressions and colloquialisms is limited, which further supports the B1 level assessment. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of fluency, accuracy, and vocabulary usage. 

Some examples of errors and limitations include:

* Grammar errors: The candidate uses incorrect verb conjugations, such as "myslím, že to nebyly jeden obchod" instead of "myslím, že to nebyly jeden obchod, ale několik míst".
* Vocabulary limitations: The candidate struggles to find the right words to express themselves, such as using "sajtek" instead of "webové stránky".
* Pronunciation errors: The candidate's pronunciation is not always accurate, such as mispronouncing the word "zoo" as "zól".
* Lack of fluency: The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack cohesion, making it difficult to follow their train of
B2ML_230511_007_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their opinions and ideas clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb conjugations (e.g. "mát" instead of "mít") and makes mistakes with prepositions (e.g. "pro mimozenčtany" instead of "pro mimozemšťany"). Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is not always accurate, as seen in the use of the word "zaznám" instead of "záznam".

Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and clearly express their thoughts and opinions. They also demonstrate a good understanding of the topic and are able to provide relevant examples and supporting evidence.

In terms of ASR errors, there are several instances where the transcript contains recognition errors that are not due to the candidate's inability. For example, the word "mát" is recognized as "mát" instead of "mít", and the word "zaznám" is recognized as "zaznám" instead of "záznam". These errors are likely due to the ASR's poor robustness and are not indicative of the candidate's language proficiency.

Overall, the candidate's
13-npi-test-bA2.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

The candidate's responses to the exam questions are generally clear and concise, but there are some instances of hesitation and self-correction. For example, in response to the question "Jak často se scházíte s kamarády?" (How often do you meet with friends?), the candidate responds with "Jak často?" (How often?) and then corrects themselves to "Jako občas" (Occasionally).

The candidate also struggles with some vocabulary and grammar, such as in the response to the question "Jak vypadá váš nejlepší kamarád?" (What does your best friend look like?). The candidate responds with "a jako hodný kluk" (and like a nice guy), but then struggles to describe the friend's physical appearance.

Despite these errors, the candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. The candidate's responses to the exam questions are generally well-structured and easy to follow, and the candidate is able to use a range of vocabulary and grammar to convey their ideas.

Overall, the candidate
A2ML_240221_81_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their responses.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate answers questions about their language learning experience, hobbies, and daily life. They use simple sentences and vocabulary, but sometimes struggle with grammar and pronunciation. For example, they say "Myslím už dlouho, asi pět měsíců" instead of "Učím se česky už dlouho, asi pět měsíců" (I have been learning Czech for a long time, about five months).

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is asked to describe pictures. They use more complex sentences and vocabulary, but still make some errors. For example, they say "Zatářený po hvězdu" instead of "Na obrazci vidím hvězdu" (On the picture, I see a star).

In the third part of the exam, the candidate engages in a conversation with the examiner. They use more complex sentences and vocabulary, but still make some errors. For example, they say "Chtěl byl naučit hrát tenis" instead of "Chci se naučit hrát tenis" (I want to learn how to play tennis).

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level
B1ML_240109_30_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively, but with some errors and inaccuracies. The candidate's vocabulary is sufficient, but there are some mistakes in grammar and pronunciation. The candidate is able to express their thoughts and opinions, but sometimes struggles to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's ability to understand and respond to questions is good, but there are some moments of hesitation or confusion. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency. 

The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language limitations. For example, the candidate says "úvile" instead of "úplně" (completely), and "farhásky" instead of "fotbalový" (football). The candidate also struggles with some grammatical structures, such as the use of the subjunctive mood. 

However, the candidate is able to compensate for these errors with their good vocabulary and pronunciation. The candidate is also able to express their thoughts and opinions clearly and confidently, which is a strong aspect of their performance. 

Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the language and are able to communicate effectively."}
B1ML_230424_011_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly, but with some errors and hesitations. The candidate's vocabulary is sufficient, but they struggle with more complex sentences and grammar. The candidate's pronunciation is generally good, but there are some mistakes in intonation and stress. The candidate's ability to engage in a conversation is good, but they sometimes struggle to respond to questions and topics. The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language skills. For example, the candidate says "Dopravě" instead of "doprava", which is a common mistake. The candidate also struggles with verb conjugation, as seen in the sentence "Myslím, že je to moc dobré, protože je to lepší, je jednoduchý než MHD v mojí zemi". Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, but with some areas for improvement."}
A2ML_230911_36_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the CEFR. The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly, but with some errors. The errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, such as \"hodbu\" instead of \"hudbu\" (music) and \"plávuju\" instead of \"plavu\" (swim). The candidate also makes some grammatical errors, such as \"čestivou\" instead of \"čestně\" (honestly) and \"ráda cestuju\" instead of \"ráda cestuji\" (I like to travel). However, the candidate is able to answer the questions correctly and demonstrate their knowledge of the language. The candidate's vocabulary is also good, with some errors in pronunciation, such as \"Kendu\" instead of \"Kendu\" (Kendu is a Czech city, but the candidate pronounces it incorrectly). Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, with some errors due to ASR recognition errors and grammatical mistakes, but overall good understanding and expression of the language.")
A1ML_231124_07_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a basic level of proficiency in Czech, with some difficulties in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. They are able to hold a conversation, answer questions, and provide basic information about themselves. However, they make several errors, such as using incorrect verb conjugations, mispronouncing words, and struggling with idiomatic expressions. The candidate also shows some difficulty in understanding the examiner's questions and responding accordingly. Despite these challenges, they are able to communicate effectively and demonstrate a basic level of language proficiency. The errors made by the candidate are largely due to ASR recognition errors, rather than their own language abilities. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "Mám 20 let" instead of "Jmenuji se" to introduce themselves, which is a common mistake. Similarly, in the second task, the candidate says "Kudy je náměstí, prosím vás?" instead of "Kam potřebujete jet?" which is a more common way to ask for directions. Overall, the candidate demonstrates a basic level of proficiency in Czech, with some areas for improvement in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation.")
B1ML_240109_01_anonym_audio_video.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their responses. They are able to describe the pictures and answer the questions, but sometimes struggle with vocabulary and grammar. The candidate also has some difficulty with pronunciation, particularly with words that start with the letter "š" (e.g. "španělština" instead of "španělština"). However, they are able to communicate effectively and clearly, and their responses are generally coherent and well-structured. Overall, the candidate's language skills are at a B1 level, which is a good intermediate level of proficiency. 

The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language skills. For example, the candidate's use of the word "testoviny" instead of "těstoviny" is a recognition error, but their use of the phrase "specifické preference pro jídlo" instead of a more common phrase is a language skill error. 

The candidate's ability to communicate effectively and clearly is a strength, and they are able to use a range of vocabulary and grammar structures to express themselves. However, they could benefit from more practice with pronunciation and vocabulary, particularly with words that start with the letter "š". 

Overall, the candidate's language skills are at a B1 level, and with more practice and improvement, they could reach a
B2ML_230511_006_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express themselves in Czech is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's understanding of the topics and questions is also good, but they sometimes struggle to provide detailed or nuanced answers. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language skills. For example, the candidate sometimes uses incorrect grammar or vocabulary, or struggles to express themselves clearly. However, the candidate's overall performance is still good, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the topics and questions. 

In terms of specific areas for improvement, the candidate could work on improving their grammar and vocabulary, as well as their ability to express themselves clearly and accurately. They could also work on providing more detailed and nuanced answers to questions. 

Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the topics and questions. With some improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency, the candidate could reach a higher level of proficiency in Czech."}
B1ML_240115_26_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack coherence, which suggests that they may not have fully understood the questions or topics being discussed. Additionally, the candidate's use of idiomatic expressions and colloquialisms is limited, which can make their speech sound less natural and less engaging. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of fluency, accuracy, and coherence. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first task, the candidate says "Na prvním obrázku vidím nějakou holku, jaká pracuje v kafe nebo cukrarní" instead of "Na prvním obrázku vidím nějakou holku, která pracuje v kafe nebo cukrarní". This error is due to the candidate's lack of understanding of the correct verb conjugation.
* In the second task, the candidate says "Můžete začít?" instead of "Můžete začít vyprávět o tom, co jste zažil na téma nejlepší výlet, na kterém jsem byl?
B1ML_240115_32_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the CEFR B1 level, which requires the ability to communicate effectively in everyday situations. The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, and they are able to express their opinions and ideas in a logical and organized manner. However, there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary, which suggest that the candidate may not have a strong command of the language. For example, in the first task, the candidate says \"Myslím, že...\" (I think...) instead of using a more formal expression. In the second task, the candidate uses the phrase \"Nemám ráda chladnou počasí\" (I don't like cold weather) instead of using a more formal expression like \"Nemám rádo chladné počasí\". Additionally, the candidate's responses sometimes lack precision and accuracy, such as when they say \"Stuniska země\" (Sicilian land) instead of \"Sicilská země\" (Sicilian land). Overall, the candidate's performance suggests that they have a good understanding of the language, but may need to work on their grammar and vocabulary to reach the B1 level. The ASR errors are significant, but they do not seem to affect the candidate's overall performance. The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, and they are able to express their opinions and ideas in a logical and organized manner. However, the
A2ML_221205_06_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their speech. They are able to follow the examiner's instructions and engage in a conversation, but they struggle with more complex vocabulary and grammar. The candidate's pronunciation is generally good, but there are some mispronunciations and intonation errors. The candidate's ability to use language in context is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors and inaccuracies include:

* In the first task, the candidate says "Hledám, kde já můžu pojést" instead of "Hledám, kde můžu pojíst" (I'm looking for where I can eat).
* In the second task, the candidate says "Má ta restaurace ve které je jedlo" instead of "Má ta restaurace, kde je jídlo" (The restaurant has food).
* In the third task, the candidate says "Dold můžeme koupit" instead of "Můžeme koupit dort" (We can buy a cake).
* The candidate also struggles with more complex vocabulary and grammar, such as in the third task where they say "Všechno bude stojít" instead of "Odhadem přibližně" (Approximately).

However, the
A1ML_230414_03_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies. The candidate is able to respond to the examiner's questions and complete the tasks, but there are some mistakes in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. For example, in the first task, the candidate says \"Já jsem z Činí\" instead of \"Já jsem z Číny\", which is a small mistake. In the second task, the candidate has trouble with the verb \"vážit\" and says \"Dneska musím vážit, ale nevím, jaké zeleninu je dobře\", which is not entirely correct. However, the candidate is able to recover and complete the task. In the third task, the candidate has trouble with the phrase \"Cena a báva\" and says \"Cena a báva?\", which is not a correct phrase. However, the candidate is able to correct themselves and ask the correct question \"Kolik stojí ten mobil?\". Overall, the candidate demonstrates a good level of language proficiency, but there are some areas for improvement. I would estimate the candidate's level as B1, which is a good level for a non-native speaker. The candidate is able to communicate effectively, but there are some errors and inaccuracies that need to be addressed. The ASR errors are significant, but the candidate's language proficiency is still evident despite the errors. The candidate
C1ML_221214_07_anonym_audio.simple.txt	C1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses demonstrate a good understanding of the topics and vocabulary, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their speech.

The candidate's grammar and sentence structure are generally correct, but there are some instances of incorrect verb conjugation and word order. For example, in the first response, the candidate says "Tak jsem přečetla, že nějaké výzkumy a výsledky výzkumu ukázaly, že 70% mladých lidí není spokojení s politickou situací ve své zemi" instead of "Tak jsem přečetla, že výzkumy a výsledky výzkumu ukázaly, že 70% mladých lidí není spokojení s politickou situací ve své zemi".

The candidate's vocabulary is also good, but there are some instances of incorrect word choice. For example, in the second response, the candidate says "Myslím, že to je největší problém, že prostě ti lidé nemají tu, nevím, nebo tu odvahu, aby si hlasit tu politiky" instead of "Myslím, že to je největší problém, že prostě ti lidé nemají odvahu, aby si hlasit tu politiku".

The candidate's pronunciation is also good, but there are some instances of incorrect pronunciation of certain words. For example, in
B1ML_230310_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the CEFR B1 level, which is characterized by the ability to communicate effectively in everyday situations. The candidate's responses are clear and coherent, and they are able to use a range of vocabulary and grammar structures to express their ideas. However, there are some errors in the transcript that suggest the candidate may not have a perfect grasp of the language. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "který vyjeli do obchodu" instead of "které vyjely do obchodu", which is a small mistake but still indicates a lack of precision. Additionally, in the second task, the candidate says "mám takovou malou rodinu" instead of "má malou rodinu", which is a more significant error. Overall, however, the candidate's performance is strong, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the language. The errors are likely due to the ASR's poor robustness rather than the candidate's inability to speak Czech. The candidate's responses are also often hesitant or unclear, which may be due to the pressure of the exam situation rather than a lack of language ability. Overall, I would estimate the candidate's CEFR level as B1."}
A2ML_231215_56_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with basic vocabulary and grammar, and often uses incorrect or incomplete sentences. For example, when asked to describe the pictures, the candidate says 'Obrázka jedna má maminka a její děti' (Picture one has a mother and her children), but then adds 'Na zahradě obor jsou veselý' (In the garden, there are happy animals), which is not a complete sentence. The candidate also has difficulty with verb conjugation, as seen in the sentence 'Můžu jít ven domů a můžu sportovat' (I can go out and I can sport), where the verb 'můžu' (can) is used incorrectly. Additionally, the candidate often repeats words or phrases, such as 'zdravý... zdravý... zdravý muž' (healthy... healthy... healthy man), which indicates a lack of fluency. However, it's worth noting that some of the errors made by the candidate may be due to the ASR's poor robustness, rather than the candidate's inability. For example, the candidate says 'Počasí tře?' (What weather is it?), which is likely a recognition error, as the correct sentence would be 'Jaké počasí bylo vč
B1ML_230424_011_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their thoughts and opinions clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb forms, such as \"myslím, že\" instead of \"věřím, že\" (I think that), and \"dělají\" instead of \"dělají\" (they do). They also use incorrect vocabulary, such as \"kariktury\" instead of \"charakter\" (character). Additionally, there are some pronunciation errors, such as \"v firmě\" instead of \"v firmách\" (in the company).

However, the candidate is able to understand and respond to the examiner's questions, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the topic. They are also able to use some complex sentence structures, such as \"záleží na tom, který mají charakter\" (it depends on their character).

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, with some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. However, they demonstrate a good understanding of the topic and are able to express their thoughts and opinions clearly.

It's worth noting that some of the errors made by the candidate are due to the AS
A2ML_221205_07_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates basic communication skills, but with many errors and difficulties in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation.

The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack coherence, indicating a limited ability to express themselves in Czech. For example, in response to the question "Který spor vás baví?" (What sport do you like?), the candidate says "Myslím, že Fotbal to je pro mě zajímavé, a tak i volejbal" (I think football is interesting for me, and so is volleyball), which shows a lack of fluency and accuracy in grammar and vocabulary.

The candidate also struggles with pronunciation, as evident in the response to the question "A jak často se díváte na fotbal?" (How often do you watch football?), where the candidate says "Taky nečasto, ale Teď dívám se na fotbal jako World Cup" (I don't watch it often, but I'm watching football as World Cup), which contains errors in pronunciation and intonation.

However, the candidate shows some effort to communicate and uses basic vocabulary and grammar structures, such as "Ano, mám kočku" (Yes, I have a cat) and "Bydlím v bytě" (I live in an apartment). The candidate also demonstrates
B2ML_220511_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topics discussed during the exam, but struggles with some grammatical structures and vocabulary. The candidate's responses are often clear and coherent, but may contain some errors in pronunciation, grammar, and vocabulary. The candidate's ability to express their opinions and ideas is good, but may be limited by their language skills. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency in Czech. 

Some examples of the candidate's strengths include:

* The candidate is able to understand and respond to complex questions and topics, such as the benefits and drawbacks of contacting extraterrestrial life.
* The candidate is able to express their opinions and ideas clearly and coherently, even if they may not be entirely accurate.
* The candidate is able to use a range of vocabulary and grammatical structures to convey their meaning.

However, the candidate also struggles with some areas, including:

* The candidate's pronunciation is not always clear, and may be difficult to understand at times.
* The candidate may struggle with some grammatical structures, such as the use of the subjunctive mood or the passive voice.
* The candidate may not always use the most appropriate vocabulary to convey their meaning.

Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency in Czech, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the topics discussed during the exam. However, they may benefit from further practice and review to improve
B1ML_240115_29_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate describes two pictures and answers questions about them. The candidate's language is simple and clear, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "Myslím, že to je kavárna, protože vidím mafiny a kavu" instead of "Myslím, že to je kavárna, protože vidím kávu a mafiny".

In the second task, the candidate tells a story about a trip to Russia and answers questions about it. The candidate's language is more complex and coherent, but there are still some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "Byli jsme tam, myslím, jeden týden, nebo dva týdna" instead of "Byli jsme tam, myslím, jeden týden nebo dva týdny".

In the third task, the candidate participates in a role-play conversation about planning a birthday party. The candidate's language is more fluent and accurate, but there are still some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says
B2ML_230512_004_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their thoughts and opinions clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb forms, such as "cvičet" instead of "cvičil" (B1: "cvičil"), and makes mistakes with prepositions, such as "do Žecka" instead of "do Žecka" (B1: "do Žecka"). Additionally, the candidate's pronunciation is not always clear, and there are some recognition errors due to the ASR's poor robustness.

Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and answer the examiners' questions. The candidate's vocabulary is also sufficient to express their thoughts and opinions, although there are some gaps in their knowledge.

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and with some practice and improvement, they could reach a higher level of proficiency."}
B2ML_230512_010_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack cohesion, which suggests that they may not have fully understood the questions or topics being discussed. Additionally, the candidate's use of idiomatic expressions and colloquialisms is limited, which further supports the B1 level assessment. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of fluency, accuracy, and vocabulary usage. 

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language limitations. For example, the candidate's use of the phrase "nejzimější občaně" instead of "nejlepší občaně" is a recognition error, but their use of the phrase "přáně" instead of "přání" is a language error. Similarly, the candidate's use of the phrase "zpotřebuje méně tepla, energie, světla" instead of "zpotřebuje méně energie, tepla, světla" is a recognition error, but their use of the phrase "šest, šest
A2ML_230724_20_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, which is evident in the transcript. For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb conjugations (e.g., \"Kdy jste se narodila?\" instead of \"Kdy jste se narodila?\"), makes grammatical errors (e.g., \"Mám moje maminka, můj muž tatinek a můj muž bráta.\" instead of \"Mám maminku, manžela a bratra.\"), and has difficulty with pronunciation (e.g., \"Kutnahori\" instead of \"Kutná Hora\"). Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is limited, and they often use incorrect words or phrases (e.g., \"sudenka\" instead of \"studentka\"). However, it's worth noting that some of the errors in the transcript may be due to the ASR's poor robustness, rather than the candidate's inability. For example, the ASR may have misrecognized the candidate's pronunciation of \"Kutná Hora\" as \"Kutnahori.\" Overall, while the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, it's clear that they have some difficulty with the language, and further practice and study would be necessary to
A2ML_231215_43_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

One of the main strengths of the candidate is their ability to understand and respond to questions, even when they are complex or require a high level of vocabulary. For example, in the dialogue with the examiner, the candidate is able to understand and respond to questions about their studies, their family, and their interests.

However, there are also some weaknesses in the candidate's language skills. For example, they often use incorrect grammar, such as using the wrong verb tense or incorrect word order. They also struggle with vocabulary, often using words that are not accurate or relevant to the context. Additionally, their pronunciation is not always clear, with some words being mispronounced or difficult to understand.

Despite these weaknesses, the candidate's overall language skills are good enough to demonstrate a B1 level of proficiency. They are able to communicate effectively in most situations and are able to understand and respond to questions with a high degree of accuracy.

In terms of the ASR errors, it is clear that there are many recognition errors in the transcript, particularly in the candidate's responses. For example, the candidate says "
01-npi-test-A1.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with basic vocabulary and grammar, and there are many recognition errors in the transcript due to the ASR's poor robustness. However, the candidate's responses are generally understandable, and they are able to communicate basic information. For example, in response to the question 'Co ráda nakupujete?' (What do you like to buy?), the candidate responds 'Spíš v internece' (Rather in internet), which is a correct response, but the ASR misrecognizes it as 'Moc v internece' (A lot in internet). Similarly, in response to the question 'Kdy kupujete dárky?' (When do you buy gifts?), the candidate responds 'Šest nebo šest a půl hodin' (Six or six and a half hours), which is a correct response, but the ASR misrecognizes it as 'Šest nebo šest a půl hodin' (Six or six and a half hours) again. The candidate also struggles with basic grammar, such as verb conjugation and sentence structure. For example, in response to the question 'Který měsíc máte ráda?' (Which month do you like?), the candidate responds 'Červen' (June), which is a correct response, but the
A2ML_231215_50_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, and often uses incorrect or incomplete sentences. For example, in the first part of the exam, the candidate says 'Líbí se mi v Měrmanů' instead of 'Líbí se mi v Měrmanech', which shows a lack of understanding of the accusative case. Additionally, the candidate uses incorrect vocabulary, such as 'městský' instead of 'anglický' or 'tajský' instead of 'tchajwanský'. The candidate also struggles with pronunciation, as evident from the repeated use of the phrase 'spím, spím moc' instead of 'spím moc'. However, it's worth noting that some of the errors made by the candidate are due to the ASR's poor robustness, and not due to the candidate's inability. For example, the ASR incorrectly transcribes the candidate's response 'Líbí se mi jídlo v Měrmanů' as 'Líbí se mi v Měrmanů', which suggests that the ASR is responsible for some of the errors. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with the A1 level, and with some practice and improvement in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, they
A2ML_230911_36_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their responses.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate struggles to describe the pictures, and their responses are often incomplete or incorrect. For example, when asked to describe the first picture, the candidate responds with "Možu používat?" which is not a correct description of the picture. However, the candidate does show some understanding of the language, and their responses improve slightly as the exam progresses.

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is asked to answer questions about their work and personal life. The candidate's responses are more coherent and accurate, but there are still some errors and inaccuracies. For example, when asked how long they work each day, the candidate responds with "Já nepracuji každý den, ale tři dny v týdně, třikrát v týdně, asi třiho dne každý den" which is a confusing and inaccurate response.

In the third part of the exam, the candidate is asked to participate in a dialog with the examiner. The candidate's responses are more fluent and accurate, but there are still some errors and inaccuracies. For example, when asked if they have any other questions, the candidate responds with "Nevím
A2ML_221205_04_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the dialogues and is able to express themselves clearly, although there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. The candidate's pronunciation is also good, but there are some minor errors in intonation and stress. The candidate is able to use basic phrases and sentences to communicate effectively, but sometimes struggles to find the right words or phrases to express themselves. The candidate's ability to understand and respond to questions is also good, but there are some minor errors in comprehension. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, which is a good level for everyday communication. 

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to the ASR's poor robustness, as the transcript contains many recognition errors. However, the candidate also makes some mistakes in grammar and vocabulary, which suggests that they may need to work on their language skills. 

Examples of the candidate's language skills include:

* The candidate is able to use basic phrases and sentences to communicate effectively, such as "Dobrý den, bolí můj krk, mám teplotu 38 stupňů a potřebuji nějaký..." (Good morning, my neck hurts, I have a temperature of 38 degrees and I need something...).
* The candidate is able to understand and respond to questions
A2ML_230724_26_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the CEFR. The candidate makes several errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, which are likely due to the ASR's poor robustness rather than the candidate's inability. For example, the candidate says "Jsem řízný korean" instead of "Jsem Korejec" (I am Korean), which is a recognition error. Similarly, the candidate says "V mědění já jsem studovala" instead of "V sobotu celý den jsem odpočívala" (On Saturday, I rested all day), which is also a recognition error. The candidate's responses are also often fragmented and lack coherence, which is consistent with the A1 level. However, the candidate is able to communicate basic information and answer simple questions, which is also consistent with the A1 level. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, and the errors made are likely due to the ASR's poor robustness rather than the candidate's inability."}
A2ML_231215_63_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with basic grammar and vocabulary, and there are many recognition errors in the transcript due to the ASR's poor robustness. However, despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate basic information and answer simple questions. For example, in the first part of the exam, the candidate is able to answer the question 'A odkud jste?' (Where are you from?) with 'Jsem z Kolumbie' (I am from Colombia). However, in the same part, the candidate struggles to answer the question 'Co se vám líbí na vaší zemi?' (What do you like about your country?) and repeats the question 'Ještě jednou, prosím' (Can you repeat that, please?). In the second part of the exam, the candidate is able to engage in a simple dialogue with the examiner, but there are many recognition errors and the candidate struggles to understand and respond to the examiner's questions. For example, when the examiner asks 'Kterou úroveň potřebujete?' (What level do you need?), the candidate responds with 'Ráda estuduju ve školě, možná' (I want to study in school, maybe), which is not a clear or relevant response. Overall, while the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency
B1ML_230221_10_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate is able to describe the pictures and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate uses the phrase "dofiznicko" instead of "dofizel" (old man), and makes mistakes in the use of the verb "mít" (to have).

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is able to tell a story about their favorite holiday, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate uses the phrase "internet" instead of "kamarádi" (friends) when answering the question about who they like to travel with.

In the third part of the exam, the candidate is able to discuss the details of a party with the examiner, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate uses the phrase "nabítnout" instead of "objednat" (to order), and makes mistakes in the use of the verb "mít" (to have).

Overall
B1ML_230424_001_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly, but with some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack coherence, but they are able to convey their ideas and opinions. The candidate's use of vocabulary is limited, and they often rely on simple phrases and expressions. However, the candidate is able to use some more complex vocabulary and grammatical structures, such as the conditional tense and passive voice. The candidate's pronunciation is also good, but with some errors in intonation and stress. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the language, but with some areas for improvement. 

Examples from the exam that support this assessment include:

* The candidate's response to the question "Co znamená zkušenost?" (What does experience mean?) is "Můžete vysvěslit, co znamená" (Can you explain what it means), which shows a good understanding of the language and a willingness to ask for clarification.
* The candidate's response to the question "Jak se máš?" (How are you?) is "Já taky... Většina díl, ale žiju" (I'm fine... Most of the time, but I live
B1ML_230424_010_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the examiners' questions and responds appropriately. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate struggles to articulate their thoughts and uses filler words (e.g., "jo, jo, jo") to buy time. They also make errors in grammar, such as using the wrong verb conjugation (e.g., "zestovaní" instead of "zajímavá zkušenost"). Despite these errors, the candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to convey their ideas.

In the second task, the candidate's responses are more fluent, but they still make errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, they use the word "štětno" instead of "rozumím" to respond to the examiner's question. They also struggle to articulate their thoughts and use filler words to buy time.

In the third task, the candidate's responses are more fluent and accurate, but they still make some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, they use the word "okurný" instead of "koupit" to respond to the examiner's question. Despite these errors, the candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is
A1ML_231124_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates basic communication skills, but with many errors and difficulties in understanding and expressing themselves. The candidate struggles with vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation, and often relies on simple phrases and sentences. The candidate also makes many mistakes in understanding the examiner's questions and responding accordingly. However, the candidate shows some effort to communicate and tries to answer the questions to the best of their ability. The ASR errors are significant, but it is clear that the candidate's language skills are limited to the A2 level. Examples of the candidate's language skills include their use of simple sentences, such as 'Jsem Zeiko Lmie a jsem studentka' (I am Zeiko Lmie and I am a student), and their struggles with more complex sentences, such as 'Kolik... Kolik byl tvůj mobil?' (How much... How much did your mobile cost?). The candidate also demonstrates some understanding of basic vocabulary, such as 'káva' (coffee) and 'zmrzlina' (ice cream), but struggles with more complex vocabulary, such as 'cena' (price) and 'koruny' (crowns). Overall, the candidate's language skills are at the A2 level, and they would benefit from further practice and instruction to improve their
A2ML_240221_78_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

The candidate's responses to the exam questions are generally clear and coherent, but there are some instances of hesitation and self-correction. For example, in response to the question "Kde bydlíte?" (Where do you live?), the candidate responds "Teď už bydlím v Praze" (I live in Prague now), but then corrects themselves to "Teď už bydlím v Praze" (I live in Prague now) again.

The candidate also makes some errors in vocabulary, such as using the word "soko" instead of "sukně" (coat) and "supni" instead of "šperky" (jewelry). Additionally, there are some instances of incorrect grammar, such as using the wrong verb conjugation or incorrect sentence structure.

Despite these errors, the candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. The candidate's responses to the exam questions are generally clear and coherent, and they are able to provide relevant information and examples to support their answers.

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech
A2ML_230724_21_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors and inaccuracies in the candidate's responses, which suggest that they may not have a complete mastery of the language. For example, in the first task, the candidate struggles to describe the pictures accurately, and in the second task, they make some mistakes in their responses to the examiner's questions. Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is not always precise, and they sometimes use incorrect grammar. However, the candidate is able to compensate for these errors with their good pronunciation and intonation. Overall, the candidate's performance suggests that they have a good level of proficiency in Czech, but may need to work on their vocabulary and grammar to reach a higher level. 

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to the ASR's poor robustness, as the transcript contains many recognition errors. However, some of the errors are also due to the candidate's own language skills, such as their limited vocabulary and grammar knowledge. 

In terms of specific examples, the candidate's response to the first task is: 

\"Na obrázku jedné vidím ženu a muža. Myslím, že Oni jsou ženaci. Teď oni bíhají. Mysl
B1ML_230424_010_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the CEFR. The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the task and is able to describe the pictures and answer the examiner's questions. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. For example, the candidate uses the phrase "argovat" instead of "diskutovat" (to discuss), and makes mistakes in verb conjugation (e.g. "děláme spolu" instead of "děláme společně"). Additionally, the candidate's pronunciation is not always clear, especially in words with complex sounds (e.g. "žlutý" instead of "žlutý"). Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and clearly, which is a key aspect of the B1 level. The ASR errors are also present, but they do not significantly impact the candidate's overall performance. For example, the ASR transcribes the candidate's response to the question "Jaké jsou výhody práce v kanceláři?" as "Jaké jsou výhody?" (What are the advantages?), but the candidate's actual response is clear and understandable. Overall, the candidate's performance is strong enough to warrant a B1 level assessment."}
B1ML_230221_03_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors and inaccuracies in the candidate's speech, which are likely due to the ASR's poor robustness rather than the candidate's inability. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "ve sně" instead of "ve sněhu", and in the second task, the candidate says "smazené maso" instead of "smažené maso". Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is not always accurate, as seen in the phrase "chorké počasí" instead of "teplé počasí". Despite these errors, the candidate is able to convey their ideas and thoughts clearly and effectively, which is a key aspect of the B1 level. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, and they demonstrate a good level of proficiency in spoken Czech."}
A1ML_231123_08_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates basic communication skills, but with many errors and difficulties in understanding and expressing themselves. The candidate struggles to understand and respond to questions, and often uses incorrect grammar and vocabulary. However, the candidate shows some effort to communicate and is able to convey basic information. The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to the ASR's poor robustness, but some are also due to the candidate's limited language skills. For example, the candidate uses the phrase "Já mám rád" (I like) instead of "Mám rád" (I like), which is a common error for beginners. Additionally, the candidate struggles to understand and respond to questions that require more complex language, such as the question "Co se vám líbí v České republice?" (What do you like in the Czech Republic?). Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with the A2 level, and with some practice and improvement, they may be able to reach the B1 level."}
B1ML_240115_30_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the CEFR B1 level, which is characterized by the ability to communicate effectively in most situations. The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, and they are able to use a range of vocabulary and grammar structures to express their ideas. However, there are some errors and inaccuracies in the candidate's responses, particularly in the use of prepositions, verb tenses, and sentence structure. Additionally, the candidate sometimes struggles to find the right words or phrases to express their ideas, which can lead to some awkward phrasing and sentence structure. Overall, the candidate's performance is strong, but there are some areas for improvement. 

In the first task, the candidate is able to describe the two pictures and answer the examiner's questions about the topic of weather. The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in the use of prepositions and verb tenses. For example, the candidate says "počasí je nemoc chladné" instead of "počasí je chladné". 

In the second task, the candidate is able to tell a story about their favorite weekend and answer the examiner's questions about it. The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in the use of verb tenses and sentence structure. For example, the candidate says "To bylo na mojej narozeniny" instead of "To bylo na m
A2ML_240221_82_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good level of spoken Czech proficiency, with some errors due to the ASR's poor robustness. The candidate is able to understand and respond to the examiner's questions, using a range of vocabulary and grammatical structures. However, there are some errors in pronunciation, grammar, and vocabulary, which suggest that the candidate is not a native speaker. The candidate's ability to describe the pictures and engage in a conversation about the scenario is also impressive. Overall, the candidate's performance suggests a CEFR level of B1, with some areas for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

The candidate's self-assessment of their level as A2 is likely an underestimate, as they demonstrate a higher level of proficiency in the exam. The candidate's ability to use complex sentences, describe pictures, and engage in a conversation about a scenario suggests a higher level of proficiency than A2. 

The ASR's poor robustness is evident in the number of errors in the transcript, particularly in the candidate's responses to the examiner's questions. However, the candidate's ability to correct themselves and provide accurate information suggests that they are not responsible for the errors. 

Overall, the candidate's performance suggests a CEFR level of B1, with some areas for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. With further practice and improvement, the candidate may be able to reach a higher level of proficiency, such as B2 or
B2ML_230512_011_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express their thoughts and opinions is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's listening skills are also good, as they are able to understand the examiner's questions and respond accordingly. However, there are some instances where the candidate's responses are not entirely accurate, which suggests that they may not have fully understood the question. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first task, the candidate says "V dětstvě, když mi bylo asi 11 let, dostalo se velké všekvapení na nový rok" instead of "V dětství, když mi bylo asi 11 let, dostalo se velké překvapení na nový rok".
* In the second task, the candidate says "Přečetly se zajímavé texty o zemštěných a našem země" instead of "Přečetly se zajímavé texty o zemích a naší zemi".
* In the second task, the candidate says "Naso, narod určitýho politického vesmí
A2ML_230911_41_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a basic level of spoken Czech proficiency, with some difficulties in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and contain errors, but they are able to communicate their ideas and answer the examiners' questions.

The candidate's grammar is not always correct, with errors such as the use of the wrong verb tense (e.g. \"Učila jsem se česky jeden rok\" instead of \"Učila jsem se česky rok\"), and the use of the wrong word order (e.g. \"Dělala, dělala, o víkendu\" instead of \"O víkendu jsem dělala...\").

The candidate's vocabulary is also limited, with some words being used incorrectly (e.g. \"maženka\" instead of \"manažerka\") or not being used at all (e.g. the candidate does not use the word \"pracovala\" to describe their past work experience).

However, the candidate is able to communicate their ideas and answer the examiners' questions, which suggests a basic level of proficiency. The candidate's pronunciation is also not always clear, with some words being pronounced incorrectly (e.g. \"Katlovní\" instead of \"Karlova\").

Overall, the candidate's performance suggests a B1 level of spoken Czech proficiency, with some areas for improvement in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation.

It's worth
B1ML_240109_12_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors and inaccuracies in their speech, which are likely due to the ASR's poor robustness rather than the candidate's inability. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "prambůr" instead of "brambor", which is a common mistake. In the second task, the candidate struggles to find the right words to describe their experience, but eventually manages to convey their message. In the third task, the candidate has difficulty understanding the examiner's question and responds with a vague answer. Overall, the candidate's performance is good, but not perfect, and they would benefit from further practice and improvement in their language skills."}
B1ML_230221_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses to the exam questions demonstrate a good understanding of the language, but with some errors and inaccuracies. The candidate's vocabulary is sufficient, but there are some mistakes in grammar and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to communicate effectively is also good, but there are some moments where the candidate struggles to express themselves. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement. 

The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own mistakes. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "chodili na obchod oblečení" instead of "chodili do obchodu s oblečením", which is a small mistake. In the second task, the candidate says "Simferopol, Ukraina" instead of "Simferopol, Ukrajina", which is a mistake due to the candidate's own knowledge. 

The candidate's strengths include their ability to understand and respond to questions, their vocabulary, and their ability to communicate effectively. However, the candidate's weaknesses include their mistakes in grammar and pronunciation, and their struggles to express themselves in some moments. 

Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, and with some practice and improvement, they can reach a higher level of proficiency in Czech
B1ML_240109_11_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy. The candidate's responses to the examiner's questions are generally clear and relevant, but sometimes they struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's use of vocabulary is also limited, and they often rely on simple phrases and expressions. Despite these limitations, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and demonstrate a good understanding of the language. The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's lack of fluency and accuracy. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "Je na domovinu" instead of "Je na dovolenou", which is a common mistake. In the second task, the candidate says "Myslím, že ceny byly normální" instead of "Myslím, že ceny byly vysoké", which is a more accurate expression. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and with more practice and exposure to the language, they can improve their fluency and accuracy."}
B2ML_230512_002_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate struggles with complex sentences and often uses simple sentence structures. The candidate also makes some mistakes in vocabulary, such as using incorrect words or phrases. However, the candidate's responses are generally understandable and demonstrate a good understanding of the topics discussed. The candidate's pronunciation is also generally clear, but there are some errors in intonation and stress. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and with some practice and improvement, they could reach the B2 level. 

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to the ASR's poor robustness, and not due to the candidate's inability. The ASR generates a lot of recognition errors, which are not related to the candidate's language skills. The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but the ASR's errors make it difficult to understand the candidate's intended meaning. 

In the first task, the candidate struggles with complex sentences and often uses simple sentence structures. The candidate also makes some mistakes in vocabulary, such as using incorrect words or phrases. However, the candidate's responses are generally understandable and demonstrate a good understanding of the topic. 

In the second task, the candidate's
B2ML_230512_013_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topics discussed during the exam, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some moments where the candidate struggles to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's language is often formal and appropriate for the context, but there are some instances where the language is too informal or colloquial. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency. 

Some examples of the candidate's strengths include:

* The candidate is able to understand and respond to complex questions and topics, such as the benefits and drawbacks of working from home.
* The candidate is able to use a range of vocabulary and grammar structures to express their ideas and opinions.
* The candidate is able to engage in a conversation and respond to questions and prompts in a clear and coherent manner.

Some examples of the candidate's weaknesses include:

* The candidate makes some errors in grammar and vocabulary, such as using the wrong verb tense or incorrect word choices.
* The candidate struggles to find the right words or phrases at times, leading to some awkward or unclear language.
* The candidate's pronunciation is not always clear or accurate, particularly with some of the more complex sounds or words.

Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency, and with some additional practice and training, the candidate could potentially improve their language skills
A1ML_221219_03_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, which is evident in their responses to the examiners' questions. For example, in the first part of the exam, the candidate says "Potřebuji těžký den jednu" instead of "Jmenuji se" (My name is), and "Moje rodina" instead of "Jsem studentka" (I am a student). In the second part of the exam, the candidate says "Psi" instead of "Dobrý den" (Good morning), and "To jste psi" instead of "Já chci jít do divadla" (I want to go to the theater). The candidate also makes mistakes with verb conjugation, such as saying "hládám" instead of "snídám" (I eat breakfast). Additionally, the candidate's pronunciation is not clear, and they often struggle to understand the examiners' questions. However, the candidate's responses are generally coherent and they try to communicate their ideas, which is a positive aspect of their performance. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, and they need to improve their grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation to reach a higher level."}
A2ML_231215_67_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their responses.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate answers questions about their name, nationality, and family. They use simple sentences and vocabulary, but there are some recognition errors, such as "subaře" instead of "lékař" (doctor). The candidate also struggles with verb conjugation, using the present tense instead of the past tense in some cases.

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is asked to describe pictures and answer questions about their life in the Czech Republic. They use more complex sentences and vocabulary, but there are still some errors, such as "čestinu" instead of "češtinu" (Czech language). The candidate also struggles with prepositions and sentence structure.

In the third part of the exam, the candidate participates in a dialog with the examiner, asking and answering questions about a hypothetical situation. They use more complex sentences and vocabulary, but there are still some errors, such as "potřebuju jídlo pro osm lidí" instead of "potřebuji jídlo pro osm lidí" (I need food for eight people). The candidate also struggles with verb conjugation and sentence structure.

Overall, the candidate demonstrates a good
A2ML_221205_02_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in a variety of situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that suggest a level of B1. For example, in the first task, the candidate says \"Dobrý den, potřebuji jeden chleb a deset rohlíků\" instead of \"Dobrý den, chci jeden chleb a deset rohlíků\". This suggests a lack of fluency in using the present tense. Additionally, the candidate struggles with some vocabulary, such as using \"sebo\" instead of \"kopeček\". However, the candidate is able to recover from these errors and continue the conversation effectively. In the second task, the candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the situation and is able to use appropriate vocabulary and grammar. However, there are some errors in pronunciation, such as saying \"čokoládní tort\" instead of \"čokoládový dort\". In the third task, the candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the situation and is able to use appropriate vocabulary and grammar. However, there are some errors in pronunciation, such as saying \"Můžeme jít do italské restaurace\" instead of \"Můžeme jít do italské restaurace, prosím\". Overall, the candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively,
B2ML_230512_014_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express their opinions and ideas is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's listening skills are also good, but they sometimes have trouble understanding the examiner's questions or following the conversation. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first task, the candidate says "jemi" instead of "jeli" (we went) and "utratili" instead of "utratili jsme" (we spent).
* In the second task, the candidate says "čtyrdenní" instead of "čtyřidenní" (four-day) and "pro sověte" instead of "pro svobodu" (for freedom).
* The candidate also struggles with some vocabulary, such as "nadměrná turistice" instead of "nadměrná turistika" (over-tourism) and "blíf" instead of "blízko" (close).

However, the candidate's strengths include:

* The candidate's ability to
A2ML_230724_30_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors and inaccuracies in the candidate's speech, which are likely due to the ASR's poor robustness rather than the candidate's inability. For example, the candidate says "Já ráda světa, zelený světa" instead of "Já ráda nosím zelený oblek" (I like wearing green clothes), and "Po koji depozice?" instead of "Jaké jsou depozice?" (What are the deposits?). Additionally, the candidate's pronunciation is not always accurate, and there are some grammatical errors, such as the use of the wrong verb conjugation or the incorrect use of prepositions. Despite these errors, the candidate is able to convey their message and respond to the examiner's questions, which suggests a good level of language proficiency. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the language, but with some room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency."}
B1ML_240115_21_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate is able to describe the pictures and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "Na prvním obrazku vidíme učitelku lidi, myslím, že to je studenty, děti" instead of "Na prvním obrazku vidíme učitelku a studenty". This indicates a lack of fluency and accuracy in the candidate's language use.

In the second task, the candidate is able to tell a story about her best birthday and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "Moje nejlepší narození to bylo v Turecku" instead of "Moje nejlepší narozeniny byly v Turecku". This indicates a lack of fluency and accuracy in the candidate's language use.

In the third task, the candidate is able to discuss a situation and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "Budeme mít ví
B1ML_240109_33_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate describes two pictures and answers questions about them. The candidate's description of the pictures is clear and concise, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "nejakou rodinu" instead of "rodinu" and "gorách" instead of "horách".

In the second task, the candidate talks about a restaurant she visited and answers questions about it. The candidate's description of the restaurant is clear and detailed, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "itánská restaurace" instead of "italská restaurace" and "pizze" instead of "pizzy".

In the third task, the candidate and the examiner discuss a situation where they want to go to the theater together. The candidate's contribution to the conversation is clear and coherent, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "Vaclaváku" instead of "Václavské náměstí" and "Pláťov
A2ML_240221_84_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly, but with some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack coherence, but they are able to convey their ideas and opinions. The candidate's use of vocabulary is limited, and they often rely on simple phrases and sentences. However, the candidate is able to use some more complex structures and vocabulary, such as the conditional tense and idiomatic expressions. The candidate's pronunciation is also good, but with some errors in intonation and stress. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and they would benefit from further practice and improvement in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first question, the candidate says "Líbí se mi kultura a jazyk, teď už to přesně vím" instead of "Líbí se mi kultura a jazyk, teď už to přesně vím, že je to zajímavé".
* In the second question, the candidate says "A taky různé počasy" instead of "A taky různé roční období".
* In the third question, the candidate says "Myslím, že to je víkend, máme hezk
A2ML_221205_08_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly, but with some errors. The candidate is able to provide information about themselves, their hobbies, and their interests, but sometimes struggles with grammar and vocabulary. The candidate also makes some mistakes with pronunciation, such as \"zamku\" instead of \"zámek\" and \"sterifikacíně\" instead of \"sterilizační zkouška\". However, the candidate is able to recover from these mistakes and continue speaking. Overall, the candidate's language skills are good, but not perfect, and they would likely be classified as a B1 level speaker. 

The ASR errors are significant, especially in the beginning of the conversation, where the candidate says \"Jsem student, tak studuji tady na zamku ve škole\" instead of \"Jsem student, tak studuji tady na zámku ve škole\". However, as the conversation progresses, the candidate's language skills become more clear and the ASR errors become less noticeable. 

It's worth noting that the candidate's language skills are not perfect, but they are able to communicate effectively and express themselves clearly. This suggests that the candidate has a good understanding of the language and is able to use it in a practical way, which is consistent with a B1 level speaker."}
A2ML_230911_42_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the CEFR. The candidate struggles with basic grammar and vocabulary, and there are many recognition errors in the transcript due to the ASR's poor robustness. For example, in the response to the question 'Odkud jste?' (Where are you from?), the candidate responds with 'Ze Číny' (From China), which is correct. However, in the response to the question 'A co se vám líbí v Číně?' (And what do you like in China?), the candidate responds with 'Co je zajímavého ve vaší zemi?' (What is interesting in your country?), which is a grammatically incorrect sentence. Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is limited, as seen in the response to the question 'A co se vám líbí?' (And what do you like?), where the candidate responds with 'Líbí se mi čina' (I like China), which is a grammatically incorrect sentence. The candidate's pronunciation is also not clear, as seen in the response to the question 'Měláte jaká je vaše profese?' (What is your profession?), where the candidate responds with 'Professor, teď nepracuji, protože se učím česky' (Professor, I don't work now because I am learning Czech), which is a grammatically correct sentence but with a unclear pronunciation
B2ML_220511_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topics discussed in the exam, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their responses. The candidate's language is generally clear and coherent, but there are some instances of grammatical errors and vocabulary misuse. The candidate's ability to express their opinions and ideas is good, but they sometimes struggle to provide specific examples or supporting evidence. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level of proficiency in Czech. 

The candidate's responses to the first task are generally good, but there are some errors in their use of vocabulary and grammar. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "Myslím si, že můžete být cokoliv opravdu, co vyvolalo v nás silné emoce" instead of "Myslím si, že můžete být cokoliv, co vyvolalo v nás silné emoce". The candidate also struggles to provide specific examples of difficult situations they have experienced, and instead provides general statements about the importance of helping others.

In the second task, the candidate's responses are more coherent and well-structured, but there are still some errors in their use of vocabulary and grammar. For example, in the second task, the candidate says "Myslím si, že svět mění, a proto musíme adaptovat" instead of "Myslím si, že svět se mění, a proto musíme se adaptovat". The
A1ML_231123_11_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, which is evident in their responses to the examiners' questions. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "Jsem 18 let a jsem student" instead of "Jmenuji se a jsem 18 let a student". This suggests that the candidate is still developing their language skills and needs to work on their grammar and vocabulary. Additionally, the candidate's pronunciation is not always clear, which can make it difficult to understand what they are saying. However, the candidate is able to communicate their ideas and answer the examiners' questions, which is a positive aspect of their performance. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, and they need to continue practicing to improve their language skills."}
B2ML_230512_016_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their opinions and ideas clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb conjugations (e.g. "můžete si psat poznánky" instead of "můžete si psát poznámkou"), and there are some vocabulary mistakes (e.g. "pohodelnější" instead of "pohodlnější"). Additionally, the candidate's pronunciation is not always clear, especially when speaking quickly (e.g. "Linn" instead of "Ljubljana").

Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and clearly express their ideas. They also demonstrate a good understanding of the topic and are able to provide examples and supporting evidence. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, with some areas for improvement in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation."}
B1ML_230424_015_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly, but with some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack coherence, but they are able to convey their ideas and opinions. The candidate's use of vocabulary is limited, and they often rely on simple phrases and sentences. However, the candidate is able to use some more complex structures and vocabulary, such as the use of the conditional tense and some idiomatic expressions. The candidate's pronunciation is also good, but with some errors in intonation and stress. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and they are able to communicate effectively in everyday situations. 

Examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first part of the exam, the candidate says "Kůlo ze dva budete mluvit asi jednu minutu" instead of "Kolega, budete mluvit asi jednu minutu". This is an error in grammar and vocabulary.
* In the second part of the exam, the candidate says "Chtěl... Chceš jít... Chceš jít do kina s námi?" instead of "Chci jít do kina s vámi". This is an error in grammar and vocabulary
B1ML_240109_16_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate struggles to describe the pictures and makes several mistakes in vocabulary and grammar. However, they are able to recover and provide a clear description of the scenes.

In the second task, the candidate is able to describe a personal experience and use some vocabulary related to entertainment. However, they make several mistakes in grammar and pronunciation, and their speech is not always clear.

In the third task, the candidate is able to participate in a conversation and use some vocabulary related to work and organization. However, they make several mistakes in grammar and pronunciation, and their speech is not always clear.

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, which is a good level for everyday communication. However, they need to work on improving their grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation to achieve a higher level of fluency and accuracy.

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's lack of fluency and accuracy. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "Rodina Ček
A2ML_231215_57_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with basic grammar and vocabulary, and often uses incorrect or incomplete sentences. For example, in the first part of the exam, the candidate responds to the question 'Odkud jste?' (Where are you from?) with 'Jsem z Německa' (I am from Germany), which is correct, but then struggles to answer the question 'A co se vám na vaší zemi líbí?' (What do you like about your country?) with 'Hale' (I don't know), which is an incorrect response. The candidate also struggles with basic vocabulary, such as using the word 'zelený novou' (green new) instead of 'zeleninu' (vegetables) when answering the question 'A kde rád nakupujete?' (Where do you like to shop?). Additionally, the candidate often uses incorrect grammar, such as using the wrong verb conjugation or sentence structure. For example, in the third part of the exam, the candidate responds to the question 'Chcete si v Praze pronajmout nový byt?' (Do you want to rent a new apartment in Prague?) with 'Dobrý den, jsem Elias' (Good day, I am Elias), which is an incorrect response. Overall, the candidate's
B1ML_240115_23_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the CEFR B1 level, which is characterized by the ability to communicate effectively in most situations. The candidate's responses are clear and coherent, and they are able to use a range of vocabulary and grammatical structures to express their ideas. However, there are some errors in pronunciation and grammar, which are likely due to the ASR's poor robustness rather than the candidate's inability. For example, the candidate says "Myslím, že v nějakém lesě nebo vedle parku" instead of "Myslím, že bydlí v lesích nebo vedle parku". Additionally, the candidate sometimes uses incorrect verb tenses, such as saying "Plával dva roky" instead of "Plával jsem dva roky". Despite these errors, the candidate's overall performance is strong, and they demonstrate a good command of the language. The candidate's ability to engage in a conversation and respond to questions is also impressive, and they show a good understanding of the topic and the examiner's questions. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a CEFR B1 level."}
B2ML_230512_004_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their opinions and ideas clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb conjugations (e.g. "používají sociaceklista" instead of "používají sociálně slabší lidé") and vocabulary (e.g. "vařená doprava" instead of "bezplatná doprava"). Additionally, there are some pronunciation errors, such as the incorrect pronunciation of the word "záspy" (which is pronounced as "zásypy").

Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate their ideas effectively and demonstrates a good understanding of the topic. The candidate's responses are also coherent and well-structured, indicating a good level of language proficiency.

It's worth noting that the ASR-generated transcript contains many recognition errors, which can make it difficult to assess the candidate's language proficiency accurately. However, based on the transcript, it appears that the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level."}
B1ML_240115_07_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate is able to describe the pictures and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "Divat se na fíl" instead of "Divat se na filmy" (watching movies).

In the second task, the candidate is able to tell a story about their most interesting day in the past year, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "Stalo mně... Mně stalo moc špatně" instead of "Stalo se mně... Mně se stalo moc špatně" (it happened to me... it happened to me very badly).

In the third task, the candidate is able to discuss a situation with the examiner, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "Půjdeme vlakom do Prazy" instead of "Půjdeme vlakem do Prahy" (we will go by train to Prague).

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is good, but there are some areas
A2ML_230911_41_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate struggles to describe the pictures and answer the examiner's questions. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and contain errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "Myslím, že obráz dva" instead of "Myslím, že to je obrázek číslo dva". This suggests that the candidate is still developing their language skills and needs to work on their accuracy.

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is asked to describe their living situation and preferences. The candidate's responses are more coherent and accurate, but still contain some errors. For example, the candidate says "Líbí se mi byt let ve domě" instead of "Líbí se mi bydlet ve městě". This suggests that the candidate is still developing their vocabulary and needs to work on their precision.

In the third part of the exam, the candidate is asked to participate in a dialog and ask questions. The candidate's responses are more fluent and accurate, but still contain some errors. For example, the candidate says "Pros
B2ML_220511_07_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their opinions and ideas clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb conjugations (e.g. "Žíkalo" instead of "Stálo") and makes mistakes with prepositions (e.g. "na těchto stavbách" instead of "na těchto stavbách"). Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is not always accurate (e.g. "vyhoda" instead of "výhoda").

Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate their ideas effectively and demonstrates a good understanding of the topic. The candidate's pronunciation is also generally clear, although there are some instances of mispronunciation (e.g. "robotech" instead of "roboty").

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, with some areas for improvement in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. However, the candidate's ability to communicate effectively and demonstrate a good understanding of the topic makes them a strong candidate for a B1 level assessment."}
B1ML_230310_04_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack coherence, which suggests that they may not have fully understood the questions or topics being discussed. Additionally, the candidate's use of idiomatic expressions and colloquialisms is limited, which can make their speech sound less natural and less engaging. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of fluency, accuracy, and coherence. 

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language skills. For example, the candidate's use of the phrase "pouzím se" instead of "používám" is a grammatical error that suggests a lack of fluency. Similarly, the candidate's use of the phrase "nejraději slavím narozeniny s rodinou samozřejmě, ale taky" is a phrase that sounds unnatural and may indicate a lack of idiomatic expression. 

However, the candidate's ability to understand and respond to questions, as well as their ability to communicate effectively in most situations,
B2ML_230511_008_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express themselves in Czech is good, but they struggle with more complex sentences and abstract concepts. The candidate's responses are also sometimes hesitant and unclear, which suggests that they may not be entirely confident in their language skills. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement. 

The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language skills. For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb conjugations, such as "dokázal" instead of "dokázal jsem" (I could). The candidate also struggles with more complex vocabulary, such as "věřejnosti" instead of "veřejnosti" (public). 

However, the candidate's ability to express themselves in Czech is good, and they are able to communicate their ideas and opinions clearly. The candidate's responses are also often creative and original, which suggests that they have a good understanding of the language and its nuances. 

Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, and they demonstrate a good level of proficiency in Czech. However, there is room for improvement, particularly in terms of grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation
12-npi-test-A2.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly, but with some errors. The candidate's vocabulary is sufficient, but they struggle with more complex sentence structures and grammar. The candidate's pronunciation is generally good, but there are some mistakes in intonation and stress. The candidate's ability to use language in context is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or expressions. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement. 

The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language skills. For example, the candidate's use of the phrase "se jenom zkoušet nikam nevidět" (to just try not to see anywhere) is a common mistake, but it is also a sign of the candidate's limited vocabulary. The candidate's struggle with more complex sentence structures, such as the use of the subjunctive mood, is also a sign of their limited language skills.

However, the candidate's ability to use language in context is good, and they are able to express themselves clearly and confidently. The candidate's use of idiomatic expressions, such as "skvělé počasí" (great weather), is also a sign of their good language skills.
B1ML_230310_03_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and lack cohesion, which suggests that they may not have had sufficient practice in speaking Czech. Additionally, the candidate's use of idiomatic expressions and colloquialisms is limited, which further supports the B1 level assessment. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of fluency, accuracy, and vocabulary usage. 

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's lack of fluency and accuracy. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "Na první obrázku v pravo vidím nějakou rodinu, malé dítě a" instead of "Na prvním obrázku vpravo vidím rodinu s malým dítětem". This error is likely due to ASR recognition, but the candidate's lack of fluency and accuracy also contributed to the mistake. 

In the second task, the candidate says "Myslím si, že líbí se mi víc obrázek vpravo, protože
A2ML_231215_68_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a basic level of spoken Czech proficiency, with some difficulties in understanding and expressing themselves. They struggle with some vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation, but manage to communicate effectively in a simple conversation. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and contain errors, but they are able to convey their intended meaning. The examiner's responses are clear and helpful, but sometimes the candidate's questions are unclear or contain errors. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with a B1 level, but with some areas for improvement. 

Examples of the candidate's strengths include their ability to understand and respond to simple questions, their use of basic vocabulary and grammar, and their ability to communicate effectively in a conversation. However, the candidate also struggles with some areas, such as understanding and using more complex vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation. 

In terms of ASR errors, there are several instances where the transcript contains errors that are not due to the candidate's inability, but rather due to the ASR's poor robustness. For example, the ASR incorrectly transcribes the candidate's response "Vidíte tu kartu?" as "Vidíte tu kartu?" (which is actually a question), and also incorrectly transcribes the examiner's response "Je to druhé patro, ale to vám řeknou na recepci" as "Je to druhé patro, ale to vám řeknou na recepci" (which is actually a statement
A1ML_231123_06_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with basic grammar and vocabulary, and there are many recognition errors in the transcript due to the ASR's poor robustness. However, the candidate's responses are generally understandable, and they are able to communicate basic information about themselves and their interests. The candidate's use of Czech grammar and vocabulary is limited, and they often rely on English phrases and words. For example, in the first task, the candidate says \"Já mluvím anglicky, německy, latin a trochu česky\" (I speak English, German, Latin, and a little Czech), which shows that they are aware of their language proficiency. However, in the same task, the candidate says \"Já rád spotuju\" (I like to spot), which is a phrase that is not commonly used in Czech and may be a recognition error. In the second task, the candidate struggles to understand the context of the dialogue and often responds with questions or phrases that are not relevant to the situation. For example, when the examiner asks \"Chcete jíst?\" (Do you want to eat?), the candidate responds with \"Co si dáte?\" (What do you want?), which is a question that is not relevant to the situation. Overall, the candidate's spoken
A2ML_231215_51_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with basic grammar and vocabulary, and there are many recognition errors in the transcript due to the ASR's poor robustness. The candidate's responses are often fragmented and unclear, and they frequently ask for clarification or repeat themselves. For example, in response to the question 'Jak dlouho bydlíte v Praze?' (How long have you lived in Prague?), the candidate responds with 'Teď nebo minulý?' (Now or last year?), indicating a lack of understanding of the question. Similarly, in response to the question 'Co umíte uvařet?' (What can you cook?), the candidate responds with 'Uvářím hodně' (I cook a lot), but then proceeds to give a confusing answer about cooking 'kořistelní ryž' (steamed rice) and 'bračenky' (which is not a clear word). The candidate also struggles with basic vocabulary, as seen in their response to the question 'Jaké nejlepší jídlo jste jedl?' (What's the best food you've eaten?), where they respond with 'Nevím, co je slovo v české' (I don't know the word in Czech), but then try to describe a dish they think is called 'makaron s mlékem a mas
B1ML_240115_22_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, which is evident in their responses to the exam questions. For example, in the first task, the candidate incorrectly uses the word "důmě" instead of "důchodci" (pensioners), and in the second task, they confuse the words "narodzení" (birth) and "nejzajímavější" (most interesting). Additionally, the candidate's pronunciation is not clear, and they often struggle to find the right words to express themselves. However, the candidate shows some effort to communicate and is able to convey their ideas, albeit with some difficulty. The ASR errors are significant, but they do not seem to affect the candidate's overall level of proficiency. The candidate's responses are often incomplete or incorrect, which suggests that they may not have a strong grasp of the language. Overall, the candidate's performance is consistent with the A2 level, and they would likely benefit from further language training to improve their skills."}
B1ML_240115_03_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy. The candidate's responses to the exam questions are generally clear and relevant, but sometimes they struggle to find the right words or express themselves in a way that is easy to understand. The candidate's use of vocabulary is also limited, and they often rely on simple phrases and sentences. Despite these limitations, the candidate's overall performance is satisfactory, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the language. The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's lack of fluency and accuracy. For example, in the first task, the candidate says "tšidu" instead of "škola" (school), which is a clear recognition error. However, in the second task, the candidate says "nejraději slavím svoje narozeniny s svojou rodinou nebo s kamarádem" (I prefer to celebrate my birthday with my family or a friend), which is a grammatical error. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the language, but
A2ML_230911_37_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the CEFR. The candidate struggles with basic grammar and vocabulary, and there are many recognition errors in the transcript due to the ASR's poor robustness. For example, in the first question, the candidate says "V úloze jedná budete odpovídat na moje otázky," which is likely a recognition error and not a grammatical error. The candidate is trying to say "V této úloze budete odpovídat na moje otázky." Similarly, in the third question, the candidate says "Umím trochu český, japonský, anglický a český," which is likely a recognition error and not a vocabulary error. The candidate is trying to say "Umím trochu česky, japonsky, anglicky a trochu česky." The candidate also struggles with basic vocabulary, such as using the correct word for "dog" (pes instead of zvíře). However, the candidate is able to communicate basic information and answer simple questions, which is characteristic of the A2 level. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, but with many recognition errors due to the ASR's poor robustness."}
A2ML_230911_34_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a basic level of spoken Czech proficiency, with some difficulties in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate is able to understand and respond to simple questions, but often struggles with more complex questions or those that require a higher level of linguistic accuracy. For example, in response to the question \"Odkud jste?\" (Where are you from?), the candidate responds with \"Jsem z Úskaz, Moskvy.\" (I am from Ussurysk, Moscow), which is a correct response, but the candidate's pronunciation of \"Úskaz\" is not entirely clear. Similarly, in response to the question \"Co se vám ve vaší zemi líbí?\" (What do you like in your country?), the candidate responds with \"Myslím, že mi líbí kultúra a také tradiční jídlo.\" (I think I like culture and also traditional food), which is a correct response, but the candidate's use of the word \"kultúra\" instead of \"kultura\" is a minor error. The candidate also struggles with more complex questions, such as \"Co budete dělat zimně?\" (What will you do in winter?), which the candidate responds to with a hesitant and unclear response. Overall, the candidate demonstrates a basic level of spoken Czech proficiency, but with some areas for improvement in terms of grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The AS
B1ML_230424_009_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the CEFR. The candidate is able to describe the pictures and answer the examiner's questions, but with some errors and difficulties. The candidate's vocabulary and grammar are not always accurate, and they sometimes struggle to find the right words. However, the candidate is able to communicate their ideas and thoughts, and the examiner is able to understand them. The candidate's pronunciation is also not perfect, but it is understandable. The candidate's errors are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but some are also due to the candidate's own language difficulties. For example, the candidate says "kolegyně" instead of "kolegové" (colleagues), and "sociální sity" instead of "sociální sítě" (social networks). The candidate also struggles to use the correct verb tenses and sentence structures. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and they need to work on improving their vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation."}
B1ML_230221_04_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency. The candidate's responses to the examiners' questions are generally accurate, but there are some instances of hesitation and self-correction. The candidate's use of vocabulary is good, but there are some instances of overuse of colloquial expressions and idioms. The candidate's pronunciation is generally good, but there are some instances of mispronunciation of certain words. Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and with further practice and improvement, they could reach the B2 level. 

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to the ASR's poor robustness, and not due to the candidate's inability. The ASR generates a transcript with many recognition errors, which are not representative of the candidate's actual language skills. 

Examples of the candidate's language skills at the B1 level include:

* The candidate is able to describe the two pictures on the theme of family, using vocabulary such as "velká rodina", "dvoje děti", and "psa".
* The candidate is able to express their opinion on the importance of marriage
A2ML_221205_12_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly, but with some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's responses are generally coherent and well-structured, but there are some instances of confusion and hesitation. The candidate's use of vocabulary is also limited, with some errors in word choice and pronunciation. However, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and answer the examiners' questions to the best of their ability. The ASR-generated transcript contains many recognition errors, which are not due to the candidate's inability, but rather the poor robustness of the ASR system. For example, the candidate says "V Potibradech je velmi krásno" (In Poděbrady, it's very beautiful) but the transcript incorrectly transcribes it as "V Potibradech je velmi krásno, je řeka, velký zamek, kde já jsem učila" (In Poděbrady, it's very beautiful, there's a river, a big castle, where I studied). Similarly, the candidate says "Hraju ráda šachy a chodím na tanci" (I like to play chess and go dancing) but the transcript incorrectly transcribes it as "Hraju ráda šach
B2ML_230511_014_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express themselves in Czech is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's responses to the examiners' questions are mostly relevant and well-structured, but there are some moments where the candidate seems uncertain or hesitant. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first task, the candidate says "moje švagrova zžila jedno riziko" instead of "moje švagrová zažila jedno riziko" (my sister-in-law experienced a risk).
* In the second task, the candidate says "v českých restauracích se hodně vychází jídlo" instead of "v českých restauracích se hodně vyhodí jídlo" (a lot of food is thrown away in Czech restaurants).
* The candidate sometimes uses incorrect verb tenses or forms, such as "myslím si, že ano" instead of "myslím, že ano" (I think so).
* The candidate's pronunciation is not always accurate, with some words
B1ML_240115_28_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate is able to describe the two pictures and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate uses the phrase "zkučistva jedna" instead of "obrázek jedna", and says "Myslím, že taková je moc KSK" instead of "Myslím, že taková je moc hezká".

In the second task, the candidate is able to tell a story about their best trip, but there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary. For example, the candidate says "A jeli jsme se rodinov do Číny" instead of "A jeli jsme se rodinou do Číny", and "To bylo moc asi... Měnělo se hodně do prodružství" instead of "To bylo moc zajímavé, protože to bylo můj první výlet do zahraničí".

In the third task, the candidate is able to discuss and plan a birthday party, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the
C1ML_221214_04_anonym_audio.simple.txt	C1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topics discussed and is able to express their opinions and arguments clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate shows a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their opinions and arguments clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary, such as the use of the wrong verb conjugation (e.g. "musím být trochu vlastnice" instead of "musím být trochu vlastnická") and the misuse of words (e.g. "blastenectví" instead of "vlastenectví").

In the second part of the exam, the candidate's performance is more inconsistent. They show a good understanding of the topic, but their grammar and vocabulary are often incorrect. For example, they use the wrong verb conjugation (e.g. "musím být úspěšný ve kariéru" instead of "musím být úspěšná ve své kariéře") and misuse words (e.g. "materiální svět" instead of "materiální svět, ve kterém žijeme").

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, but with some areas for improvement in
B2ML_230512_009_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express their thoughts and ideas is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's listening skills are also good, as they are able to understand the examiner's questions and respond accordingly. However, there are some instances where the candidate's responses are incomplete or unclear, which suggests that they may not have fully understood the question. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first task, the candidate says "A už, už jo, už jo" instead of "Ano, už jo" (Yes, I do).
* In the second task, the candidate says "www.hradeckesluzby.cz" instead of "Hradecké služby" (Hradec Králové services).
* In the second task, the candidate says "speciální roboty, které pracují třikrátně rychleji než vzadní" instead of "speciální roboty, které pracují třikrát rychleji než zedníci" (special robots that work three times
B1ML_230221_07_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate is able to describe the pictures and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "vlask 2 je nádobré" instead of "obrázek 2 je léto" (picture 2 is summer). However, the candidate is able to correct themselves and provide a clear and accurate description of the pictures.

In the second task, the candidate is able to describe their best birthday experience, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "moje nejlepší narození" instead of "moje nejlepší narozeniny" (my best birthday). However, the candidate is able to provide a clear and coherent description of their experience.

In the third task, the candidate is able to book a hotel room and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "chtěl bych si objednat hotel" instead of "chtěl bych si rezervovat pokoj" (I would
B2ML_230511_010_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express their thoughts and opinions is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's listening comprehension is also good, but they sometimes have trouble understanding the examiner's questions or following the conversation. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first task, the candidate says "Když moje kamarádka měla narození" instead of "Když moje kamarádka měla narozeniny" (when my friend was born).
* In the second task, the candidate says "Odborníkům pod vedením amerického narodního úžitu" instead of "Odborníkům pod vedením amerického národního úřadu pro letectví a vesmír" (to experts under the leadership of the American national agency for aviation and space).
* In the second task, the candidate says "Kdybychom mluvili pro mě" instead of "Kdybychom mluvili pro mě, tak já bych osobně necht
A1ML_230414_04_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their responses. The candidate is able to hold a conversation and answer questions, but sometimes struggles with grammar and vocabulary. The ASR errors are significant, but the candidate's responses are still understandable. The candidate's language is mostly clear and coherent, but there are some moments where the language becomes less clear or the candidate struggles to find the right words. Overall, the candidate's language skills are at a B1 level, but with some areas for improvement. 

Examples of the candidate's language skills at a B1 level include:

* The candidate is able to hold a conversation and answer questions, demonstrating a good understanding of the language.
* The candidate is able to use basic grammar and vocabulary, such as verb conjugation and sentence structure.
* The candidate is able to express their thoughts and opinions, but sometimes struggles to find the right words.

Examples of areas for improvement include:

* The candidate struggles with some grammar and vocabulary, such as the use of the correct verb conjugation or the correct word choice.
* The candidate's language is sometimes unclear or difficult to understand, particularly in moments where the ASR errors are significant.
* The candidate sometimes struggles to find the right words or phrases, leading to some awkward or unclear language.

Overall, the candidate's language skills are at a B1 level, but with some areas for improvement. With
A2ML_230724_19_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language, but there are some errors and inaccuracies in their responses.

One of the main issues is the candidate's use of incorrect vocabulary, such as "luvte" instead of "pomaleji" (please speak more slowly). This suggests that the candidate is not familiar with the correct vocabulary or has difficulty remembering it.

Another issue is the candidate's grammar and sentence structure. For example, in response to the question "Co jste dělal dnes ráno?" (What did you do today morning?), the candidate responds with "Dnes ráno?" (Today morning?), which is not a complete sentence. This suggests that the candidate is struggling to form coherent sentences.

However, the candidate also demonstrates some strengths, such as their ability to understand and respond to questions, even if they are not always accurate. For example, in response to the question "Co se vám líbí na Americe?" (What do you like about America?), the candidate responds with "Teď bydlím ve Erezonie a líbí se mi horí počasí" (I live in Arizona now and I like the weather), which shows that they are able to understand the question and provide a relevant response.

Overall, while the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B
A2ML_231215_53_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A1 level, which is the basic level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation, which is evident in their responses to the examiner's questions. For example, in the first part of the exam, the candidate responds to the question 'Odkud jste?' (Where are you from?) with 'Jsem z Syrie' (I am from Syria), which is a correct response. However, when asked 'A jaká je vaše země?' (And what is your country?), the candidate responds with 'Moje země je Syrie' (My country is Syria), which is a repetition of the previous response. This suggests that the candidate is struggling to express themselves in Czech. Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is limited, as evident in their response to the question 'A máte nějaké domácí zvíře?' (And do you have any pets?) with 'Domácí zvíře nemám' (I don't have any pets), which is a correct response. However, when asked 'A co jste dělal dnes ráno?' (And what did you do this morning?), the candidate responds with 'Dnes ráno?' (This morning?), which is a repetition of the question. This suggests that the candidate is struggling to express themselves in Czech. Furthermore, the candidate's pronunciation is not clear, as evident in
B1ML_240115_04_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B1	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to express themselves clearly and coherently. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first task, the candidate is able to describe the two pictures and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "školský 3D" instead of "školský 3D model" and "studují literaturu nebo matematiku" instead of "studují různé předměty".

In the second task, the candidate is able to tell a story about their birthday and answer the examiner's questions, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "měl jsem mnoho darů od rodičů, od kamaráde" instead of "měl jsem mnoho darů od rodičů a kamaráda".

In the third task, the candidate is able to discuss and plan a team building event with the examiner, but there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar. For example, the candidate says "vykat" instead of "vyrazit" and "sobou" instead of "s sebou".

Overall, the candidate's
A2ML_240221_77_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively in most situations. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lack of fluency and accuracy.

In the first part of the exam, the candidate answers questions about their background and studies, and demonstrates a good understanding of the language. However, there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary, such as the use of the incorrect verb form in the sentence "Neměla jsem narodzení Nové partii" (instead of "Neměla jsem narozeninovou party").

In the second part of the exam, the candidate is asked to describe pictures and answer questions about them. The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the pictures and is able to describe them accurately. However, there are some errors in vocabulary and grammar, such as the use of the incorrect word "nejaký" instead of "nějaký" in the sentence "Na třetím obrázku vidím nejaký kancelář".

In the third part of the exam, the candidate is asked to engage in a conversation with the examiner. The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the language and is able to communicate effectively. However, there are some errors in grammar and vocabulary, such as the use of the
B2ML_230511_015_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topics and is able to express their opinions and ideas clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

In the first task, the candidate struggles to articulate their thoughts and often uses incorrect grammar and vocabulary. For example, they say "moje maminka má hodně věc, které může udělat" instead of "moje maminka má mnoho věcí, které může udělat". However, they are able to express their ideas and opinions clearly, and their language is generally understandable.

In the second task, the candidate's language is more fluent and coherent, but they still make some errors. For example, they say "dnešní dobou vzáchoje hodně nových technologií" instead of "dnešní doba přináší mnoho nových technologií". However, they are able to discuss the topic clearly and provide some good insights.

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, and they demonstrate a good understanding of the topics and are able to express their opinions and ideas clearly. However, they need to work on their grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation to improve their language skills.

The errors made by the candidate are mostly due to ASR recognition errors, but
B2ML_230512_003_01_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate demonstrates a good understanding of the topic and is able to express their thoughts and opinions clearly. However, there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation that indicate a lower level of proficiency.

For example, the candidate uses incorrect verb conjugations (e.g. "pšal" instead of "chtěl") and makes mistakes with prepositions (e.g. "s kým těmi dárkami se měníš" instead of "s kým těmi dárky dáváš"). Additionally, the candidate's vocabulary is not always accurate, with words like "darky" instead of "dárky" and "rozmazlaných" instead of "rozmařených".

Despite these errors, the candidate is able to communicate effectively and clearly express their thoughts and opinions. The candidate's pronunciation is also generally good, although there are some errors with intonation and stress.

Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, with some areas for improvement in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. However, the candidate's ability to communicate effectively and clearly express their thoughts and opinions makes them a strong candidate for a B1 level assessment.

It's worth noting that some of the errors made by the candidate are likely due to the ASR
B2ML_230511_013_anonym_audio.simple.txt	B2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the B1 level, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate's responses are generally clear and coherent, but there are some errors in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. The candidate's ability to express their thoughts and opinions is good, but they sometimes struggle to find the right words or phrases. The candidate's listening skills are also good, as they are able to understand and respond to the examiner's questions. However, there are some instances where the candidate's responses are incomplete or unclear, which suggests that they may not have fully understood the question. Overall, the candidate's performance is satisfactory, but there is room for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency. 

Some examples of the candidate's errors include:

* In the first task, the candidate says "onyakem rozvoje sebe" instead of "rozvoj osobnosti" (personal development).
* In the second task, the candidate says "zmyslání" instead of "smysl práce" (meaning of work).
* The candidate's pronunciation is not always accurate, with some words being pronounced differently than they should be.
* The candidate sometimes struggles to find the right words or phrases, leading to incomplete or unclear responses.

However, the candidate also shows some strengths, such as:

* The candidate is able to express their thoughts and opinions clearly and coherently.
* The candidate
A2ML_231215_54_02_anonym_audio.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "A2", "explanation": "The candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, which is the first level of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). The candidate struggles with vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation, which is evident in their responses to the examiner's questions. For example, when asked to describe the pictures, the candidate uses simple vocabulary and makes errors in grammar, such as \"Žena je máma, maminka, a kluk je sen\" (\"The woman is a mother, a mother, and the boy is a dream\"). Additionally, the candidate has difficulty with pronunciation, as seen in their use of incorrect sounds and intonation, such as \"Něže\" instead of \"Nějaké\" (\"Some kind of\"). The candidate also makes errors in sentence structure and word order, such as \"Protože je květina\" instead of \"Protože je tam květina\" (\"Because there is a flower\"). However, it's worth noting that some of the errors made by the candidate may be due to the ASR's poor robustness, rather than the candidate's inability. For example, the ASR may have misrecognized the candidate's pronunciation of \"Něže\" as \"Něže\" instead of \"Nějaké\". Overall, the candidate's spoken Czech proficiency is at the A2 level, and with practice and improvement, they may be
09-npi-test-A2.simple.txt	A2	{"level": "B1", "explanation": "The candidate demonstrates a good level of spoken Czech proficiency, with some minor errors due to ASR recognition issues. The candidate is able to express themselves clearly and coherently, using a range of vocabulary and grammatical structures. They are also able to engage in a conversation, responding to questions and initiating topics. However, there are some errors in pronunciation, grammar, and vocabulary, which suggest that the candidate is not yet at the C1 level. For example, the candidate uses the incorrect form of the verb "mít" (to have) in the sentence "Narozeniny mám 5. žena" (instead of "Narozeniny mám 5. rok"), and there are some recognition errors in the transcript, such as "Práze" instead of "Praha". Overall, the candidate's performance suggests a B1 level of proficiency, with some areas for improvement in terms of accuracy and fluency."}
